Clarify thread-safety and shared usage (#311)
auth0/auth0.net: docs-source/index.md

### Client reuse and thread safety

`ManagementApiClient` and `AuthenticationApiClient` are thread-safe with the exception of the `GetLastApiInfo` method.

> While the client opjects are lightweight to instantiate by default they create their own ApiConnection object which creates it's own HttpClient.  In order to best utilize HTTP connections the HttpClient should be shared as much as possible so it can perform the necessary thread-pooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the client objects are lightweight to instantiate by default they create their own `ApiConnection` object which creates its own `HttpClient`. In order to best utilize HTTP connections, the `HttpClient` should be shared as much as possible so it can perform the necessary thread-pooling.
```

> If for some reason you can not share `ManagementApiClient` or `AuthenticationApi` you should at least create a shared `HttpClient` (perhaps through `ServiceContainer`) and pass that through to their constructors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for some reason you cannot share `ManagementApiClient` or `AuthenticationApi`, you should create a shared `HttpClient` (perhaps through `ServiceContainer`) and pass that through to their constructors. 
```

e.g.

In your app start-up:

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services) {
    ...
    services.AddSingleton<HttpClient, HttpClient>();
}
```

In your controller:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

[HttpGet]
public async Task<IActionResult> Get() {
  ...
  var httpClient = services.Get<HttpClient>();
  var management = new ManagementApiClient(token, baseUrl, httpClient);
  ...
}
```

> ManagementApiClient and AuthenticationApiClient can still be disposed using this pattern and will dispose of the ApiConnection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ManagementApiClient` and `AuthenticationApiClient` can still be disposed using this pattern and will dispose of the `ApiConnection`. 
```

> The ApiConnection is smart enough to know not to dispose `HttpClient` instances it did not create and thus will share the HttpClient succesfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ApiConnection` is smart enough to know not to dispose `HttpClient` instances it did not create and thus will share the `HttpClient` successfully.
```
